If Charlotte is not my daughter and clearly she isn't she will not be treated in this hospital my time
You made your bed Yolanda now you get to light
Money to pay for the treatment that she needs please man
She's Charlie's been your daughter for her all life. I know you still care about her you please you have to save her
How about we do this now and I think just about to her lit
Camille
Charlotte isn't related to us in any way
Yeah, we provided a luxurious lifestyle for her for years. I
Can't bring myself to keep helping her especially after being deceived by this manipulative woman for over two decades
You have to help her
Please Lisa don't do this. Why are you pleading for her? She stole everything from you. It's true
Dad when she wakes up let her work for our family
For me as a maid
After all she's been living my life for so many years
Just let her find out what it's like to serve someone